Add installer doc (#1531)
tektoncd/dashboard: docs/dev/installer.md

        [--ingress-secret <secret>]             Will add ssl support to the ingress
```

## Install command

The `install` command is used to install the Tekton Dashboard in a cluster. It supports both Kubernetes and OpenShift.

Note that OpenShift supports two install methods:
- Tekton Pipelines and Triggers installed by openshift pipelines operator
- Tekton Pipelines and Triggers installed manually using YAML manifests

Examples below illustrate the main `install` options:
- [Installing on Kubernetes](#installing-on-kubernetes)
- [OpenShift with Tekton Pipelines and Triggers installed by OpenShift Pipelines Operator](#openshift-with-tekton-pipelines-and-triggers-installed-by-openshift-pipelines-operator)
- [OpenShift with Tekton Pipelines and Triggers installed manually using YAML manifests](#openshift-with-tekton-pipelines-and-triggers-installed-manually-using-yaml-manifests)
- [Installing in a custom namespace](#installing-in-a-custom-namespace)
- [Install ingress](#install-ingress)

### Installing on Kubernetes

To install the Tekton Dashboard on Kubernetes, using the default options, run the command:

```bash
./scripts/installer install
```

> This will install the Dashboard in the `tekton-pipelines` namespace, assuming Tekton Pipelines and Triggers are installed in the `tekton-pipelines` namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will install the Dashboard in the `tekton-pipelines` namespace and assumes that Tekton Pipelines and Triggers are also installed in the `tekton-pipelines` namespace.
```

```

If you want a read only Dashboard, add the `--read-only` option to the command line:

```bash
./scripts/installer install --openshift --read-only
```

### OpenShift with Tekton Pipelines and Triggers installed manually using YAML manifests

To install the Tekton Dashboard on OpenShift after installing Tekton Pipelines and Triggers manually using YAML manifests, you will need to override Tekton Pipelines and Triggers install namespaces.

When installing from the manifests, Tekton Pipelines and Triggeers will be deployed in the `tekton-pipelines` namespace, whereas OpenShift Pipelines Operator uses the `openshift-pipelines` namespace.

Therefore, you will need to add the `--pipelines-namespace tekton-pipelines` and `--triggers-namespace tekton-pipelines` options when calling the installer script:

```bash
./scripts/installer install --openshift --pipelines-namespace tekton-pipelines --triggers-namespace tekton-pipelines
```

If you want a read only Dashboard, add the `--read-only` option to the command line:

```bash
./scripts/installer install --openshift --pipelines-namespace tekton-pipelines --triggers-namespace tekton-pipelines --read-only

> ```

Reviewer: Do we need to repeat this for each install option? I think it's already clear enough from the other examples.

Author: fixed

To tell the `installer` script the target namespace of your choice, add the `--namespace` option:

```bash
CUSTOM_NAMESPACE=my-namespace

# for kubernetes
./scripts/installer install --namespace $CUSTOM_NAMESPACE

# for openshift / openshift pipelines operator
./scripts/installer install --openshift --namespace $CUSTOM_NAMESPACE

# for openshift / manifests
./scripts/installer install --openshift --pipelines-namespace tekton-pipelines --triggers-namespace tekton-pipelines --namespace $CUSTOM_NAMESPACE
```

Add the `--read-only` to the command line that suits your platform and install method to deploy a read only Dashboard in your custom namespace.

### Install ingress

The `installer` script can create an ingress for your Dashboard service, to enable ingress creation add `--ingress-url` and optionally `--ingress-secret` if the ingress needs TLS support.

```bash
./scripts/installer install --ingress-url my-dashboard.my-domain.com --ingress-secret my-tls-certificate
```

## Uninstall command

To uninstall the Dashboard, use the `uninstall` instead of the `install` command.

> **IMPORTANT NOTE:** this is VERY important when you uninstall using the `installer` script that you provide the same options that were given to the script at install time. This is needed for the script to know what was created at install time and must be deleted by the `uninstall` command.

Reviewer: What are some possible consequences of uninstalling with the wrong options? e.g. leftover RBAC that might conflict with a future install. I think it would be useful to provide one or two examples so it's clear why this is important and also the types of problem to look out for to help troubleshooting if someone does forget to use the correct options.

Author: yeah, rbac, ingress, trying to uninstall in the wrong namespace, ...

Author: fixed

```bash
# for kubernetes
./scripts/installer uninstall

# for openshift / openshift pipelines operator
./scripts/installer uninstall --openshift

# for openshift / manifests
./scripts/installer uninstall --openshift --pipelines-namespace tekton-pipelines --triggers-namespace tekton-pipelines
```

## Build command

The `installer` script can be used to build the Dashboard docker image and the YAML manifests (taking care of command line options) by using the `build` command when calling the script:

```bash
# for kubernetes
./scripts/installer build

# for openshift / openshift pipelines operator
./scripts/installer build --openshift

# for openshift / manifests
./scripts/installer build --openshift --pipelines-namespace tekton-pipelines --triggers-namespace tekton-pipelines
```

> This will NOT deploy the resulting manifest in the target cluster but will build and push the Dashboard docker image to [whatever was configured](./README.md#build-and-deploy-with-kustomize-and-ko) for `ko` to work with and will display the YAML manifests in the console output.

Reviewer: Maybe a note on when / why this is useful?

Author: fixed

> This will NOT deploy the resulting manifest in the target cluster but will build and push the Dashboard docker image to [whatever was configured](./README.md#build-and-deploy-with-kustomize-and-ko) for `ko` to work with and will display the YAML manifests in the console output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will NOT deploy the resulting manifest in the target cluster but will build and push the Dashboard docker image to [whichever docker repo was configured](./README.md#build-and-deploy-with-kustomize-and-ko) for `ko` to work with and will display the YAML manifests in the console output.
```
